[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> First of all, just
for my information,
I'd like to know if it seems
like you've ever had UFO
sightings.
You have?
>> I have.
Yeah.
Back in 2007 I had my first UFO
sighting, which may or may not
have been extraterrestrial.
Obviously, they're UFOs for--
>> They're still UFOs.
Unidentified Flying Objects.
>> And it was in the middle
of the day out in Glendale.
I was walking from
the laundromat.
And I saw a--
it looked like, at
quick glance, a bunch
of those like white
gnats flying in the air.
But I kind of looked harder
and did a perspective check
to see how far they were out.
And then I realized that
these little white specs
or white orbs were
really far up in the sky.
And then I saw a plane fly
through and it actually--
a plane was in between
whatever was out there--
>> Between them and you?
>> Between-- yes.
>> Or between them?
>> Between them, yeah.
So whatever it was was really
far out and into the sky.
But it was in middle of the day.
And they almost look like stars.
>> Were they kind of sort
of shiny a little bit?
>> Yeah, and almost--
>> Glowing, or--
>> --twinkling like a star.
Like, if you could
imagine looking
at a star in the daylight.
I know it sounds
weird, but if you
could, if a star was so
bright that you could see it
during the day, that's
probably the best
description of what it was.
>> Were they moving?
>> Ever so slightly.
So there was a group of them.
And they started
appearing more and more.
And eventually, there was--
I counted at least
maybe 20 or 30.
And then they were slowly
kind of shifting, maybe
as the planet was rotating or
something, almost as if stars
shift in the sky, but faster,
a little bit faster than that,
because--
>> That's pretty slow.
>> Over a 45 minute period,
they moved in the sky--
>> You watched them
for 45 minutes?
>> Yeah, for 45 minutes.
They moved about-- if
you look in the sky,
it's like about this much,
so from there to there.
>> Yeah.
As a whole group?
>> As a whole group,
going from west to east.
And I was calling my buddies.
I was trying to get
people to confirm--
hey, do you see this?
And nobody could really see
it from where they were at.
>> Or was there
anybody around you?
>> No, there was the mailman.
He came by.
And I was like pointing up.
And he looked at
me kind of funny.
I'm like, whatever,
I'm not taking
my eyes off of these things.
I didn't really want
to say anything.
He just came by to drop
off mail and kept going.
>> And often, Rubin, when I've
talked to many people about
this sort of thing, they will
be in a group of other people
on the sidewalk or something,
and they will see a clear
sighting.
And maybe if lucky, there's
a person right with them
who will see that, too.
But all the other people
around in the area don't see.
Even if they're kind of
yelling and pointing up,
and the others either
don't hear them
or don't want to
look up or just--
well, it makes me think that at
least sometimes these sightings
are designed by beings
up there to be seen just
by one specific particular
person, one or two,
and not for anybody
else who's around.
But I've also heard
of instances where
other people who happen
to be in the same section
or freeway or same section
of town will also see them.
>> Well, I thought, for sure, it
was going to be on the evening
news and all over
the newspapers,
and people were going to be
talking about this mass UFO
sighting.
And I started looking.
That night I was checking the
9 o'clock news, the 10 o'clock
news.
The next morning I was checking
the papers, the internet.
Nothing.
So I was kind of dumbfounded.
But it opened my curiosity to
start exploring and looking
into the ET phenomenon,
or the UFO phenomenon.
>> Because before that you
hadn't particularly been
interested in the
UFO phenomenon?
>> No.
I'd been interested
in science fiction.
And I had heard, you know, even
my mom told me ETs are real.
And she had mentioned
even growing up
that she had visitations
when she was younger.
And I kind of laughed it off.
I was like, mom, you're crazy.
You know, that's--
quit talking nonsense.
And so my mom's so proud
of me now, by the way,
that I'm actually--
like hey mom, guess what?
ETs are real.
And she's like--
>> Is she still living?
>> Yes.
And she's--
>> So--
>> She's very--
>> You've told her that?
>> Oh yeah, I've told her.
I mean, she knows
all the work I've
been doing with the citizens--
>> Oh, good!
Oh, yay.
>> So she's--
>> I bet she's gratified.
>> Yeah, she's
definitely-- she's like,
you've really come
around since when--
>> My goodness, he's
finally come around.
>> Yeah, he's finally
come around and--
but yeah.
Other than laughing it off
with the rest of society,
up until that time, I
had not taken it serious.
You know, I had
not really given it
any thought, even though in
films and things like that--
portray-- like I
was actually working
on "Avatar" at the time,
and portraying an ET.
You know, learning how to walk--
>> Oh you were one of the--
>> I was one of the Na'vis.
>> "Avatar?"
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, ETs.
Oh, wonderful.
>> I was a Na'vi.
I was the stunt
double for Jake Sully,
so whenever he was learning
how to use his "Avatar" body,
it was mostly me doing
the physical falling and.
>> Boy--
>> Doing all the
stunts for that.
>> In that film, they did the
most amazing physical feats.
>> Yes.
That was--
>> I mean, I was really--
the edge of my seat,
just hoping they'd be OK.
>> Oh, good.
That means I did my job well.
>> Yes.
Oh my gosh.
This is exciting.
>> So here I am on my day to
day life, playing an alien.
And then I come home
and doing my laundry,
and then I see these things.
And that's really
kind of what started--
sparked my curiosity
into what else
is out there, other than this
reality that we're being told.
It's also around the same time,
while working on "Avatar," we--
someone introduced us to--
the group of stunt
performers and actors--
there was a tight, small
group of us working every day,
and there was a lot of free
time while the computers
were trying--
there were a lot of computer
glitches and problems
as they were trying to make
things work for that movie.
>> Oh, gosh.
>> So in between stuff, we
would be in the back room
and we'd all be
watching YouTube.
Lots of cat videos,
but we also watched
this film called "Zeitgeist."
I don't know if you're
familiar with that.
>> No.
>> And it really went into the
whole 9/11 issue of it being
a cover up and, you know, not
the story that's being told
to us, as well as religion.
It really opened-- it
really kind of goes
into the whole
paradigm and matrix
of what we're in right now.
Basically, what the mainstream
is telling us-- this.
But in reality, there's
all this evidence
that shows there's
something else out there.
So it was kind of watching that
movie, having that experience--
the combination is what really
started me on this path.
>> Wow.
>> Of digging deeper into--
>> What an interesting time.
>> Yeah.
>> It must have
been in your life.
>> Well, yeah.
And luckily, I did have--
it did happen slowly.
I mean, it was--
I was still continuing
my daily life
and it was like uncovering
things, uncovering things.
And now I feel like I've gone
so down the rabbit hole that--
>> Yeah.
>> That yeah.
It's the-- I'm a
completely different person
than when I was.
>> Wow, I bet, yeah.
>> Back in 2007.
>> Exciting.
And probably, this is
exciting for your mother.
>> Yeah, she's--
>> I would think she's
probably really interested in--
>> She's watching.
>> Every little increment of
involvement and interest that
you show.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
You know, you first
realize we're not alone
in this universe, then you
realize you're not alone
on this planet.
>> Yeah.
>> And then you try to figure
out what is going on here
on this planet, you know.
Then why, if we're
not alone-- then
why aren't they
expressing themselves?
Why are we allowed to live in
this matrix of secrecy and--
>> Ignorance.
>> High strangeness.
>> Yeah.
>> Strange-- it depends--
I guess if you're in
it, you don't really
think of it as strangeness.
But once you get--
I call it-- say,
unplugged from the matrix.
Once you get unplugged,
it just blows my mind
how people stay in it, you
know, and why is it still--
>> Oh, yeah.
>> How can it
continue and thrive?
So why-- what is
that experiment?
What is this?
What's going on there?
So a lot of these
questions and answers
are being answered in this film.
Actually in this documentary.
>> Yay.
>> So that's kind of what
started happening once you--
I think that's why
the ET thing is so--
is such a key component to all
of this is that question of,
are we the only ones
in the universe?
Are we the only
ones on this planet?
And that leads--
that just spreads
to a whole slew of stuff.
>> Really opens up so much, and
including the whole question
about free energy.
>> Yes.
>> Travel in space that we could
be doing and free energy, and--
>> And that's been
a huge part of--
>> UFO crashes and--
>> Yeah.
>> And reverse engineering and
material that I think they have
just willingly,
without crashing--
have landed and given us.
>> Right.
And the crop circle
phenomenon, which we'll
talk about later a little bit.
But yeah, all of it is--
it just keeps going
bigger and bigger.
You think the world is a big
place in the world that's
being projected to humanity,
you know, on a day to day basis.
But once you start really
looking deep into these other
areas, it's-- the
universe is so vast.
>> Oh yeah.
We're just a teeny speck.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
>> Exactly.
>> And we make such a big
deal about little things.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Every one of us.
>> Right.
Exactly.
>> Oh my gosh.
Yep.
Once in a while--
oh, gosh.
Maybe 1 out of 15 people I've
regressed to ET encounters
said that once in a while,
in the middle of the session,
that person will start
giving information
from the beings who are right
there in that experience
with the person.
>> Right.
>> Or even--
I mean, I've been
amazed, but it's
happened at least
several times since 1991,
when I first started doing this
part of my regression work,
the being will say, I or
we want to talk to Barbara.
So they-- I mean, you
know, it's really difficult
to figure how they know
that, and even when
we're regressing to a
previous experience that
happened earlier sometime.
But you know, so maybe all
time really is simultaneous.
>> Right.
>> And anyway-- and they
definitely, I'm convinced,
have tremendous sense
of remote viewing,
we would probably call it.
But they, from wherever they
are, presumably vast distances,
they know little details about
us and our inner thoughts,
even.
I mean, that is amazing to me.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's happened.
That's-- and those are the
types of things that, yeah,
I want to have come out in this
documentary to let people know
that there's some
high strangeness.
And it's out there, and we
just have to look into it.
>> Yeah.
And
>> Expose it.
That's what I'm doing
with all the cameras.
Exposing the--
>> And be in awe and
great respect and--
>> Yes.
>> Awe.
>> It's nothing to be afraid of.
>> In a positive way.
>> Exactly.
>> I mean, these are fantastic
abilities and they say that we
have the potential for
using those abilities.
That most people don't
use them, but all--
we all, in a latent
sense, do have them.
>> Yep, absolutely.
>> So that I think the more that
we know what they can do with
us--
>> It opens up.
>> Even from a vast distance,
like thinking or speaking
telepathically, I
mean, we, apparently,
will have the
ability to do that.
But I don't think I've ever done
it or heard really accurately,
word for word--
heard somebody else's thoughts.
>> Right.
Yeah, same.
>> I can pick up what they
might be thinking, you know,
but we apparently have much
more ability than that.
So I think that the
more that we can
hear about these beings
doing these things,
the more we're likely to
think, gee, yeah, maybe
I could really start
developing that, too.
>> Well, it's kind of like
the Olympics or, you know,
the world record.
Somebody does something
amazing and most people
don't know it can be done.
>> Yeah.
>> And then, you know, for--
I think it was like the 100
meter dash or something,
you know, this--
back in the day--
somebody breaks
the world record.
And then within days,
even, so many other people
break that record.
>> Yes.
Now that they know
it can be done.
>> Now that they
know it can be done.
>> And then they get spurred on.
I want to do even
better than that.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> And they do.
And that's humanity.
I think we just have lost
the knowledge that we
can be telepathically connected
with, you know-- all that is.
And we keep telling ourselves
that it's not possible,
when there are people on this
planet that are doing it.
>> Yeah.
>> And off-planet, especially.
But you know, even
on this planet,
there are telepathic people
who clearly have this ability,
and we just keep denying it.
So once, I think,
collectively, we--
>> Or we think, well,
they're different.
They're special.
You know, I'm not like that.
>> But I think if--
maybe when we have
the Psychic Olympics,
you know, and then
it's publicized on TV.
>> Wouldn't that be great?
>> You know, this person
has achieved this goal.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh, what an exciting idea.
>> Then everybody's like,
oh, OK, I've got do that.
And then the next--
>> Yeah, practice that.
>> Practice that, yeah.
>> Have to be in training.
Mental training.
>> Exactly.
>> What is he
thinking right now?
I know exactly what
you're thinking.
>> He's thinking, how is
he going to get this shot?
>> Yeah, yeah.
Well, let's take a look, Reuben,
at what you would like to focus
on for this regression.
>> Yeah, I've been
regressed once,
and I guess the key purpose of
that was to kind of tap in to--
to try to open up a connection
to my higher self or my guides
or, you know, this
other version of myself
that doesn't have
the ego so much.
And I think that--
I know that that's a key
component to regression work,
is getting through the garbage.
Not the garbage, but all the
layers upon layers of stuff
that we-- blockages that
we put on ourselves.
So-- and I had a
great experience,
having visions or ideas
and things come up
that I was kind of oblivious to.
So maybe just exploring
that, and maybe
we can ask if there are
any ET guides, potentially,
because that's what--
with your specialty and
with what I'm doing now.
If there are any kind of
extraterrestrial beings
that might want to
come through me.
And that would be maybe
the main goal, I think.
And that's in the form--
and then I say
extraterrestrial--
it's actually extra-dimensional
because a lot of these beings
have said, yes, they may be
coming from such and such star
system or doing this, but
a better term would be
extra-dimensional because
they've gotten a point
in their evolution
where they can--
like you said, time and
space doesn't necessarily
have the meaning
that it has here.
>> Yeah.
>> So they're kind of
transcending this dimension
and living in other
dimensions in time.
So any extra-dimensionals
who might
want to use me as a vehicle, and
that could be my higher self.
I think in often cases, with
these other interviews I've
been doing, the so-called
ETs or extra-dimensionals
that are coming
through, I think,
are versions of these people.
>> These people?
Oh, you mean--
>> The channelers.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Who channel this information.
I feel like some of--
you know, and they
give them names.
You know, I'm so-and-so
from the Pleiades
or I'm so-and-so
from Zeta Reticuli.
A lot of times-- this is my--
I'm still working
on this theory.
>> Sure.
>> But I think it is their
higher self or a version
of them.
>> In other words, I think
you're saying that the person
is multi-dimensional.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think we all are.
>> Yes.
>> We just don't--
most of us just don't know it.
>> Right.
>> Or even those who are open
to the idea don't think of it--
don't know it most of the time.
>> To think that there's another
version of you on another
planet somewhere
doing something.
>> Oh yeah.
>> How is that possible?
>> Maybe in a parallel universe,
we may have a whole lot
of other uses.
>> Exactly.
>> Going on at the same time.
>> Right.
And I--
>> And in different dimensions.
It could be.
>> That's what I'm--
my belief systems are starting
to form into that direction,
and so that's where
I'd like to invite
in today is any other
versions of myself that
would be particular to the ET
frequency, if it's possible.
We'll see.
I'm open to it.
That's what I'm
putting out there.
>> Right.
OK.
>> If you guys are listening out
there, that's what I'm looking.
>> Yes, well let's send
out an open invitation.
>> Yes.
>> And I certainly
have had experience.
One remarkable time in
particular that stands out,
but where I know that--
well, one time I was in a
terrible jam that I thought
was really life threatening, and
I said inside myself, silently,
I really--
I really need help.
And the next thing I knew--
it was a poisonous snake
approaching me in Peru--
and next thing I knew, I was
up out of that Lotus position
on a very low rock.
>> You were meditating?
>> Ledge.
And the snake was
approaching, and I
knew it was a kind
of snake that had
killed many, many workers at--
this was up at Machu Picchu.
And when Hiram Bingham had
cleared away the jungle
to expose Machu Picchu--
and I was where I
wasn't supposed to be.
I always do that.
This time, it was
really serious,
and I could see this
snake, which it killed--
that type-- it killed
so many people.
And usually, they die
within 30 seconds.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah, it was that
particular kind of snake.
I've forgotten the name.
Black with a yellow spot
on the side near its eye.
And so when I said,
gosh, I really need help.
I just didn't know what to do.
I thought it would
strike if I undid my legs
and pushed myself
up from the rock
and grabbed my little backpack.
And you know, that
would cause a ruckus
and it would probably strike,
so I just froze, and--
but I knew this was very
serious, and after I said,
I really need help--
I wasn't specifically calling on
a guide or an angel knowingly,
but the next thing I knew,
I was hundreds of feet
from there, being
lowered onto the ground,
running like a parachutist--
hit the ground running.
And-- with my backpack,
and I was safe.
I mean, really.
Hundreds of yards away.
A whole different section.
And I was fine.
>> Wow.
>> And I don't know what did
that, but I didn't do it.
I know I didn't do that.
>> Wow.
>> So that was so
important for me.
I mean, not only to live through
the experience, of course,
but to know that
this sort of thing
can happen when you
sincerely mean it.
You need help, and
gosh, thank you again.
Wow, I was helped out in China
when I was in a real jam,
and oh my god.
Just amazing.
And not seeing the beings,
but definitely having them
take action.
So I'm personally very
open to that sort of thing.
>> Excellent.
Excellent.
Yeah, I think I heard a
great quote not too long
ago that one of the greatest
awarenesses humanity
can have for itself is that
we're not alone, and this--
you know, not just
in the physical form,
but you know, in
these other energies.
And actually, all alone, if you
take out one of the Ls, it's--
or if you take--
I'm sorry.
All one-- take out one
of the Ls, it's alone.
So it actually
means we're all one.
>> Oh.
Well that's nice.
>> So alone-- there is
no such thing as alone.
It's just-- we're all one.
>> And we just have
that illusion sometimes.
>> Yeah.
>> We just feel
isolated, but we're not.
>> But we're never--
>> It's really--
it's totally full.
>> Yes.
>> All the time.
>> And like you said,
these beings can--
they know our thoughts.
They know what's going on.
They know where we
poop, where we pee.
>> Everything.
And it's--
>> And the beautiful
moments, too.
>> Yeah.
And it's all-- and it is.
It's all beautiful, you
know, and having that
and just accepting of that and
not being scared or afraid.
>> Yeah.
>> There's nothing
to be afraid of.
So yeah.
>> Yeah.
OK.
Well you've said the
sighting we talked about.
Your mother had encounter
experiences of some sort.
Does it seem like you've ever
had any kind of visitation
with them?
>> I don't have any conscious
memories of such a thing.
I'd be totally open
to try to find out
if such an event has happened.
Like we were just saying,
we're not-- we're never alone.
So I do believe, like,
every day, there's
something going on.
But--
>> Yeah.
>> But I've actually
been on board a ship or--
I'm very curious to
know that, as well.
So if that's something
you can help find out
and go into, then--
>> It might.
It might possibly
come into this.
>> OK.
Yeah.
That would be--
>> But I think we sort of
need to aim in one particular
direction, and it seems like
the direction that's more--
you know, do you really have
any or go to a time maybe
when you've had input from
other dimensional beings
or extraterrestrial beings.
And maybe from other
higher dimensional aspects
of yourself.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think we'll
sort of start with that.
OK, Reuben, now we're
going to do a regression.
>> Excellent.
>> Or maybe we will just
call it a deeper process
because we're not necessarily
going back to something,
which is implied
in a regression.
But anyway, you can go
deeply within yourself
in a very nice, relaxed way.
And allow another part of
yourself to come through
and to speak to you.
In other words, another
version of yourself
that resides in other
frequencies, other dimensions,
and maybe even
extra-dimensional frequencies.
In other words, there
is so much more to you--
you are aware-- than meets
the eye, as this very
nice, human person you are.
There's much, much more to it.
To all of us.
So we're going to go into a nice
state of deep relaxation now.
>> OK.
>> So you're settled comfortably
with your head supported.
>> Yeah, I think it's
pretty good in there.
>> OK.
So have a sense now of
deepening in, relaxing
in with your whole body
having the feeling of resting,
easing, even sinking back
and down into the support
under and behind you,
allowing your body
to feel more heavy,
more and more heavy,
and more and more relaxed.
As you--
Let it come through now.
Even if it doesn't
make any sense,
just mention anything beginning
to come through to you now.
>> Just got really hot.
>> Really hot?
OK.
Is that just a body temperature
hot or some other kind
of feeling hot?
>> Yeah, like a body
temperature kind of thing.
As we were counting
down, just started
getting hotter and hotter.
>> OK.
And it could be--
>> And now it's pretty
intense hot, too.
>> Pardon?
>> And now it's pretty hot.
>> OK.
It could possibly be
that the increasing heat
is that some other, perhaps
higher aspect of you
is becoming more present
and building up that heat
and wishing to
communicate itself.
So just breathe with it, being
welcoming, being opening.
I think it will become
more comfortable.
So just allowing--
actually inviting
some other part of yourself.
>> So maybe that's one way to
serve is to help and give this
message.
>> All right, to--
a way to serve is to help
and give this message.
>> A message of non-dualism.
>> OK.
And I think it could be
helpful if the messages
of non-dualism--
to find a way to articulate what
it is, rather than a dualism.
>> Right, it's the whole.
You have light and
dark, and then you
have them combined for a--
which makes the whole.
The third-- the missing aspect.
Too often, humanity's
focused on the polarities--
the opposites.
>> Yes.
>> So by including
the third aspect--
the whole-- it creates
a different perspective
on everything that
is done in life.
>> And are you seeing the
triangle as a really good
symbol of that?
>> Yes.
And many extra-dimensionals--
extraterrestrial beings
use this symbol as
a kind of reminder.
>> OK.
>> To remind each other
of this sacred knowledge.
>> Primarily to
remind each other?
>> Yes.
Like our military uses
patches and insignias
to remind each other of rank
and which military group
they belong to.
These other beings
use these symbols
to remind each other of
the sacred knowledge.
>> So it sort of implies
that the extraterrestrials
and the other dimensionals--
they're all in
league or in harmony
or a part of each other.
>> Yes.
And they've embraced
all that there is.
The light and the dark and
seeing everything as a whole.
One unit, interconnected,
is the way
to have a higher
perspective on life.
>> Right.
Seems like it's a higher
perspective on everything.
>> Yes.
>> Not only life, but
all that there is.
>> Correct.
>> All the planets.
All the dimensions.
>> Yes.
>> All of space.
>> Yes
>> The macrocosm, the microcosm.
>> Yes.
It's all one.
The yin and yang symbol.
>> The yin yang.
>> Is a great example of this.
However, most of-- many
people seem to only look at it
as light and dark,
when in fact, it is--
>> 'Cause those opposites.
>> Correct.
But the circle that encompasses
is the third aspect.
The Trinity aspect.
>> Yes.
>> The third point
in the triangle.
>> And the point is
really more the circle--
the encompassing of all of that.
>> Yes.
>> Of any opposites.
>> Correct.
So you have light dark
and light and dark.
>> Yes.
OK, so it's not just light
or dark, but light and dark.
>> Yes.
>> Together, all as one.
>> Correct.
>> Well I think that definitely
is very germane to what is
going on in the world, in
terms of certain countries
and factions being so
against each other--
so much in opposition.
So-- emphasizing the differences
and making the other bad
and creating all that turmoil.
>> And that only
creates more opposition.
It doesn't help the situation.
It just creates-- by declaring
one side over the other,
it creates more of--
more sides.
>> Right.
>> And then there
is no way to heal.
No way to have peace with
constant taking sides.
Eventually, one has
to embrace the other.
And then a new form of
evolution can begin.
>> And are you seeing that
this new form of evolution is
something that could really
happen within humanity?
>> Yes.
Yes, of course.
That is the inevitable
direction of humanity
is to embrace the Trinity and
evolve into a new species.
>> And does it seem
as if these beings,
including yourself as a
being from another dimension,
can really see this and is
giving this message to you?
>> Yes, they've embraced these
concepts and have evolved
in their own ways, and have
technology and ways of life
that reflect this
way of thinking.
So they see the destructive
mannerisms of humanity
and its constant separation or
taking sides, and feel empathy.
>> They feel empathy?
>> Yes.
>> For the human race?
So they would like to share
their experiences and evolution
so that humanity
can also evolve.
>> Yes.
So they would apparently like
humanity to know about them
and to know that it's possible.
>> Yes.
>> To live in this other way.
>> However, when you're trapped
in the taking side attitude,
the not seeing the whole,
it's hard to see the missing
aspects.
>> And they see humanity as
being trapped in this way?
>> Certain people, yes.
Certain governments.
Certain people tend
to remain stuck,
but others are awakening
and sharing their knowledge
and influencing the collective.
And slowly, humanity
is waking up.
And then once that
process is done,
a whole other world
will be revealed.
>> Is there any way that these
who are giving this perspective
can see that we who are
hearing this right now can be
of assistance in bringing about
this better understanding?
>> I'm not sure I
understand the question.
>> These changes are
very needed here.
>> Yes.
>> In humanity.
>> Let's now focus
on how Reuben,
with all the abilities
and talents that he has--
how Reuben can be of
assistance in helping
to bring about this evolution.
>> By making this film and
influencing the people around
him.
>> Influencing what?
>> The people around him.
>> OK.
>> With these concepts.
He is doing his part.
>> So he can influence a much
larger audience, hopefully,
with the film.
And even in daily life with
the people he already knows.
>> Yes.
Everyone who understands
these concepts
and holds them true
to their beingness
is influencing the collective.
>> Right.
OK.
>> They don't all have
to make films about it.
>> We don't know all
have to make films.
>> No.
>> That's good.
But Reuben can.
>> Yes.
That is his talent.
It's what he's good at,
so he's doing his part.
>> And you, who are speaking and
giving this perspective now--
can you say in a way which
we humans would understand,
basically, who you are?
Are you some part of Reuben?
>> Yes, just an aspect of him.
That's all.
The information I
have at the moment.
>> That's all the information.
I'll just ask one more question.
>> That's all the
information about--
this aspect of
Reuben is just that.
It is an aspect of Reuben.
>> OK.
And we get curious.
I know that Reuben
does get curious
about, well, the type
of other aspect of him.
He thinks in terms
of other dimensions,
other frequencies of reality.
Does it-- could you
say that you are
an aspect of him in some
other dimension or frequency?
>> There are aspects
of that, yes.
But it's not in his
best interest for him
to know those details right now.
>> Oh, OK.
And I would imagine
that you were basically
saying that the really
important thing is
the concept and the message.
>> Yes.
>> Rather than
exactly what you are.
>> Yes.
The collective information.
A collective, universal truth.
>> OK.
It's very rewarding to this
human being right here--
myself-- to know that there
is cooperation and wholeness
and mutual acceptance in the
universe by other beings.
And we do see some of
that here on Earth.
We need to see so much more.
And it's very gratifying to
know that this does exist
and is a big feature
elsewhere in the universe.
>> Yes.
It's the natural progression and
foundation of building blocks
of the universe.
>> Yes.
Yes.
And for the rest of us--
those of us in third dimension
in what we think of, at least,
as individual bodies with the
illusion of being separate
from each other, this is a
very, very helpful reminder--
a helpful perspective that
we're not really separate.
We're not really alone.
>> Yes.
And by having the triangle
form in your environment,
it can be a reminder of this in
picture form or artwork or crop
circles.
>> Yes, there are quite a number
of triangles in crop circles.
And they are certainly, in my
opinion, very significantly--
the circle form itself,
which speaks of wholeness.
>> Yes.
>> And the everything.
>> Including spirit.
Is this one of the
many significances
of the pyramids on Earth?
>> Yes, but slightly different.
>> And would you care
to say more about that?
>> Yes, it is a reminder, but
it also has other purposes.
The pyramids.
>> The pyramid?
>> Yes.
>> The pyramids
themselves, yeah.
But you'd like Reuben,
I would imagine--
you'd like Reuben to really
ponder what you have shared
and bring that forth.
>> Yes.
>> It's something
for him to sleep on.
>> Yes.
And would you be willing to
talk through or to Reuben
on other occasions when
he would seek this?
>> Yes.
I just asked him to see.
>> OK.
So it's a good way
for that-- it's
for him to really
dedicate a time and relax.
Let him get into a very
nice, relaxed state
and just be receptive or
perhaps to ask a question.
Do you have any advice on that?
>> Yes.
Of course, asking questions
is the clearest way
to receive an answer.
>> OK.
>> Instead of just
waiting for a download.
>> Right, OK.
It helps to have a focus, right?
>> Yes.
To ask specific questions
creates the frequency
for the answer to come through.
>> Oh, OK.
That's very helpful to know.
OK.
Thank you very much.
I honor this and I know
that Reuben will, as well.
And that's to the point,
really, is that he
will honor this and use this.
So again, I thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> And then, Reuben--
bringing you, Reuben,
back into awareness.
Now letting you be fully
you, lying here on this sofa.
Have you been aware of special
information coming through?
>> Yes.
>> OK, great.
And you will remember and
there is also a record of it.
And I'm sure you will use
this wonderfully in your life
and in your work.
It's very blessed.
Yes.
So now I'm going to
ask you to come back
to this time and this
place and this situation.
It will take a little
bit of time to do this.
I'm going to be counting from
number one to number five,
and when we get to
number five, you'll
be able to open your
eyes and sit up and be
more light, alert,
refreshed, awake,
and to go on with the rest
of your day and your evening.
So number one.
You can really thank
yourself, Reuben--
And number five,
opening your eyes,
feeling more light, alert,
refreshed, awake every moment.
Increasingly alert.
Welcome back.
Taking in what's right here
in your field of vision.
>> Yeah.
>> Whew, that was good.
Yeah.
What do you get back
out of the experience?
>> Just sit up here.
I am sweaty.
>> Yeah, you really did get hot.
You meant it.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow, I have a feeling--
I mean, I don't
know for sure, but I
have a feeling that that was the
effect of this coming through.
>> Yeah.
>> Because it seemed like you
were really getting hot when it
was just starting to
percolate through.
>> Yeah.
Just--
>> Into your awareness.
>> That's-- it was--
I was trying to pay attention
to all the sensations
and everything, and
there's a certain aspect
of is something going to happen?
What's going to happen?
>> Yeah.
There's always part of you that
can't help but wonder that.
>> Yeah.
>> As you're going through it.
Or even is anything
going to happen?
>> Yeah.
>> But it really helped when
you started asking me questions
because then I can--
>> Yeah.
>> Then things would just
kind of pop into my head.
I guess, like, the
answers would be there
or I'd have visions or
something would come through.
>> Yeah, kind of
give a little focus.
A little structure to it.
>> Yeah, and then
I was kind of--
I was aware the whole
time-- what was happening.
I mean, I guess as
you were walking me
through, there were
times when your voice--
I think I maybe fell asleep
or went completely out
because your voice
was totally gone.
>> Oh.
>> And then I would
come back and--
oh, there's that voice again.
>> As we were doing
the relaxation part?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, that happens
to a lot of people.
>> So I don't know.
There's parts in
there that I missed.
>> It doesn't matter.
I mean, as long as
you get relaxed.
Yeah.
>> And then I guess one
of the oddest sensations--
and I guess this is how I
could tell that there was some
guidance or information coming
through that wasn't-- that I
wasn't just making it up--
was your voice, when
you were talking,
felt like it was way on
the other side of the room.
I don't know if that-- if
anybody's ever described that.
>> No, I don't think so.
I'm interested.
>> So-- and then there were
times when it was right here.
But during the
bulk of when the--
I have to go back
and listen to this
because it's kind of a
little bit of a blur,
but I think when the
bulk of the juicy
bits of information, maybe--
it was weird.
I had the sensation where--
and as I was
starting to get hot,
too, this sensation where my
arms were kind of like one arm.
You have--
>> As the information
was coming through?
>> As I was getting into that,
when I started really heating
up, too, you know how
you feel your arms are--
you know, this is my left
arm, this is my right arm.
>> Yeah, they're separate.
>> They're separate and
I kind of-- you know,
this arm is laying on this arm.
So they kind of merged and I
felt like my left was my right
and my right was my left.
And then that's when things
started really heating up, too.
And then keeping that sensation
and when you were talking--
it was like that.
The sensation of the
arms was very prevalent,
and then your voice--
it was like I was almost--
I was analyzing.
I think we were
having a conversation,
but I was so blown away by
how you were way over there,
and I knew, conceptually, that
you're not way over there.
>> That I wasn't.
I hadn't--
>> Yeah, you're right here.
>> Gotten up and moved.
Yeah.
>> But for some reason, your
voice was way over there.
>> Yeah, maybe it's actually
more that you moved.
>> I was-- yeah,
that's what I was--
>> That you moved into--
well, I think we
could definitely
say that you moved into a
different state of being.
>> Yeah.
>> And there may even be a
sense of distance with that.
>> Yeah.
>> For all I know.
No, I was very--
never had that
experience before.
That was interesting.
>> Yes, yes.
Yeah.
>> It was cool.
>> Well, I think this
was really beautiful.
>> Yeah.
>> A beautiful,
beautiful happening.
>> Yes.
>> And I just so
much appreciate,
just even from my point
of view, you know,
it feels honoring to be
a witness for that fine
information coming through.
And I must say that
I learned a lot
and gained from that whole
concept of the triangle.
I had never-- I had
never thought of a--
>> Neither did I.
>> I've thought of triangles
zillions of times, but--
>> You know, I kept--
what triggered it, initially--
I don't know if
it was initially.
I saw like a--
not a typical triangle, but
more like the base of the fan.
Like that triangle.
>> Oh, well, so in other
words, the three sided.
>> It's like if there's
a point in the middle.
>> Yeah.
>> That triangle, as opposed
to the outside triangle.
Does that make sense?
>> Oh, oh.
>> So you have--
>> Oh, that point--
the significant
thing is the point
where the sides come together.
>> Right.
In the triangle.
So it's almost like the--
you have the center and then
you have the three things
coming out of it.
And then if you trace that
around, you have the triangle.
But that was the first image
that came into my head,
was this--
was kind of the fan--
the base of your fan
that you have in there.
That triangle.
And then later, the
next image I saw
was actually the
crop circle picture
that you have on
your wall downstairs.
I think you have a--
there's a triangle.
>> Yes, yeah.
>> I noticed that as I was--
>> Over the table.
>> As I was coming
up, just briefly.
But that was the next triangle
that popped into my head.
>> That particular-- that
one in the little frame over
the table.
>> Yeah.
>> That particular
crop circle, too--
1991 Barbury Castle
crop circle--
is the one crop circle
that every person
I've come to know who
is really seriously
interested in crop circles--
I mean, dedicated in
their own way to it.
That's the one crop circle
that absolutely brought them
into being devoted
to crop circles,
out of all the other
thousands of crop circles--
probably 13,000
in England alone.
>> Yeah, those were kind of--
that was the thing.
Yeah, I'm thinking back.
Yeah, I did say some
pretty interesting stuff.
>> You did.
You did.
And really, nothing extraneous.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it was just pure.
>> Right.
>> In that sense.
It was pure, to the point,
no extra little frills.
>> Right, right right.
This could be the first steps
into my own channelling.
>> Yes.
>> Having that feeling,
you know, of, OK, well now,
I'm on the other
side of the room.
That means I can let
whatever come through
and that means it's
coming through, right?
>> Maybe.
Maybe you would
associate that together
because that was
your experience.
But yes, indeed, Reuben.
I would say you did channel.
>> Yeah, something.
Something was there.
>> Yeah.
And it was a good something
and it made sense.
[MUSIC PLAYING]